My dear concubine is in high spirits.
This humble servant greets His Majesty.
What brings His Majesty here?
If I don't come,
are you afraid you might lose favor?
Your Majesty, you misunderstand.
These are famous troupes from the capital.
They are called the "Capital's Aifosi."
They only perform.
They don't sell themselves or make a fuss.
Get them all out!
You can come back.
During this time,
why haven’t you visited me?
Your Majesty, you are still injured.
You need to rest.
I didn’t dare disturb you.
Does he still resent me for that day?
Have I made him feel insecure?
That day was not about breaking a promise.
It was just to deal with some matters.
I will never let go of your hand again.
If I ever make you unhappy in the future,
just tell me directly.
I will definitely change.
Hmph, you suddenly changed so much, treating me so well.
This is what Your Majesty said.
If it weren’t for you,
I’d be outside the palace now,
seeing a wider world.
What did I do wrong again?
Ah.
When you entered just now, did you step with your right foot?
I’m not happy.
Ah.